This program simulates a student during a semester. The program begins by asking the user what their name is
and then asking how many tests there will be during the semester. IT IS THAT NUMBER THAT THE STUDENT WILL HAVE
TO PASS IN ORDER TO GRADUATE AND COMPLETE THE PROGRAM. After a name and the number of tests that must be passed
have been established correctly, the program displays its own UseMe that the user can follow to execute commands
in the program. A review of these commands are shown below:

DS - Do Schoolwork: Increases the student's intelligence level by a random number between 1 and 10, but also puts the
student in a state of stress.

IS - Inspire Self: Increases the student's motivation level by a random number between 1 and 10. This function will only
work if the student's current motivation level is 0.

DH - Do Hobby: Will break a student out of his/her state of stress, but will decrease the student's motivation level by
a random number between 1 and 10. However, the motivation level will not go below 1.

TT - Take Test: Will allow the student to take one of the tests necessary to graduate and complete the program.
If the student is in a state of stress and motivation there will be a chance role that the student passes the test
(see States: YesMotivatedYesStressed). If the student is in a state of no stress but is motivated, he/she will pass
the test regardless of stats. Take Test will throw a student into a state of stress. Also since almost all tests challenge
new material, a student's intelligence level will be set back to 0 as he/she will need to study that specific material.
Lastly, if a student passes a test his/her motivation level will go down, without dipping below 1. While if the student
could not pass the test, then his/her motivation level will be set to 0.

status - shows your current stats as a student. (See Student Summary, first paragraph)

exit - give up and quite the program, this will simply terminate the program without the user graduating.

help - see these options again. Will display the list of commands shown above.

Student Summary:
A student has a list of stats that are shown when the status command is given. The stats are as follows:

Student: displays the name given by the user.

Motivation level: the student's current motivation level, which will be a number between 0 and 10. A
student must be motivated before taking a test. That means a student must have a motivation level of
at least 1 before taking a test. Motivation level is one of the two stats used in the chance role that
the student passes a test when in a YesMotivatedYesStressed state (see States: YesMotivatedYesStressed).

Intelligence level: the student's current intelligence level, which will be a number between 0 and 10.
Motivation level is the other of the two stats used in the chance role that the student passes a test
when in a YesMotivatedYesStressed state (see States: YesMotivatedYesStressed).

Tests completed this semester: displays the total number of tests passed this semester. When this number
reaches the number suggested by the user at the beginning of the program, the user will graduate. This
number increases by one with every passed test. Tests that the user couldn't pass will not effect this number.

Stressed: true or false, will show if the student is in a state of stress or not.

States:
In addition to his or her stats, a student will also be in a combined state of motivation and stress at all
times over the course of the semester. The states of the student are as follows:

NotMotivatedNotStressed: This is the default state in which the user will start the semester. In this state
a student can either have the option to DO SCHOOLWORK or Inspire Self. The student will not be able to Take
Test, because their motivation level will be 0, and Do Hobby will not result in anything since stress and
motivation are not currently factors.

NotMotivatedYesStressed: In this state a student is fit to Do Schoolwork, DO HOBBY, or Inspire Self. In this
state, however, a student still cannot take a test, because their motivation level will be 0.

YesMotivatedNotStressed: In this state a student is fit to Do Schoolwork or TAKE TEST. It is in this state
that a student is guaranteed to pass whatever test he/she takes, as studying is less important than test
anxiety in this program. Do Hobby will do nothing in this instance as the student should not be stressed
in this circumstance. Motivation level is also untouched if Do Hobby is called in this state. Inspire Self
will also do nothing in this state as that function will do nothing if a student's motivation level is above 0.

YesMotivatedYesStressed: In this state a student is fit to Do Schoolwork, Do Hobby, or TAKE TEST. Take Test
is a chance role where the student's current intelligence and motivation level will be added together and
compared against a random number between 1 and 20. If the student's combined value is larger than the one
randomly generated, the student will pass the test. Inspire Self will do nothing in this state as
that function will do nothing if a student's motivation level is above 0.
